    Application structure
            Test configurations separate from production configurations
            Configurations loaded from environmental variables or e.g. dotenv -files


    Summarization
            Monthly average (by default from last month)
                Average sleep duration
                Average time spent on sports and exercise
                Average time spent studying
                Average sleep quality
                Average generic mood
        Summary page has a selector for week and month. Check input type="week" and input type="month".
            When the week is changed, the weekly average will be shown for the given week.
            When the month is changed, the monthly average will be shown for the given month.
            If no data for the given week exists, the weekly summary shows text suggesting that no data for the given week exists.
            If no data for the given month exists, the monthly summary shows text suggesting that no data for the given month exists.
        Summary data / averages calculated within the database
            When doing weekly reporting, the weekly averages are calculated in the database
            When doing monthly reporting, the monthly averages are calculated in the database



    Testing
        The application has at least 5 meaningful automated tests. All tests detect if e.g. tested functionality is changed so that it no longer works as expected.
        The application has at least 10 meaningful automated tests. All tests detect if e.g. tested functionality is changed so that it no longer works as expected.
        The application has at least 15 meaningful automated tests. All tests detect if e.g. tested functionality is changed so that it no longer works as expected.
        The application has at least 20 meaningful automated tests. All tests detect if e.g. tested functionality is changed so that it no longer works as expected.


    Database
        Database credentials are not included in the code


    Documentation
        Documentation contains guidelines for running tests